How do credit card companies that offer endless discounts make money from us?
And how can we
make money back from credit cards?
Remember that the Shifu teaching series
will have a new look
and you will see more new faces of colleagues behind the scenes. We will continue to present the knowledge of financial management and investment to everyone
in a more down-to-earth way. We
hope that everyone will support us.
YouTube's algorithm is getting harder and harder to play.
Friends who like our content,
remember to subscribe and press the bell to watch first,
like and share with friends, so that you will
not miss the opportunity to learn financial management and investment easily.
A convenient credit card
is a nightmare for many people.
Four out of ten Americans
have a credit card debt,
and 10% of them
can't pay it off in their lifetime.
60% of people in Hong Kong
have at least three credit cards. In the
fourth quarter of 2023,